non-app-store-ios-apps.md, before:

# Open-Source iOS Apps

List of open-source iOS apps (see [this list](README.md) for apps on the App Store).

Feel free to contribute: [issues](https://github.com/dkhamsing/open-source-ios-apps/issues), [pull requests](https://github.com/dkhamsing/open-source-ios-apps/pulls), or [Twitter](https://twitter.com/dkhamsing).

## Swift
- [CardsAgainst](https://github.com/jpsim/CardsAgainst): Cards Against Humanity app
- [Firefox](https://github.com/mozilla/firefox-ios): Official Firefox app (work in progress)
- [HausClock](https://github.com/nottombrown/HausClock): Minimal Chess Clock using MVVM and ReactiveCocoa
- [iContactU](https://github.com/rizal72/iContactU): Reminds you to contact people you ought to
- [Kiosk](https://github.com/artsy/eidolon): The Artsy Auction Kiosk App
- [NYE](https://github.com/soffes/nye): New Year's Eve Cocktail Menu
- [Valio](https://github.com/soffes/valio): Valio Con 2014 Schedule
- [Words](https://github.com/soffes/words): Thesaurus app 

## Objective-C
- [Cheddar](https://github.com/nothingmagical/cheddar-ios): Universal app for Cheddar, a simple & instant task manager
- [Everest](https://github.com/EverestOpenSource/Everest-iOS): iOS Client for Everest.com
- [GroceryList](https://github.com/jspahrsummers/GroceryList): iPhone grocery list app, synchronized using GitHub
- [TabDump](https://github.com/dkhamsing/TabDump): TabDump news app 

## Contact
- [github.com/dkhamsing](https://github.com/dkhamsing)
- [twitter.com/dkhamsing](https://twitter.com/dkhamsing)

Commit message:

Add Flickr-Search by @alikaragoz

non-app-store-ios-apps.md, after:

# Open-Source iOS Apps

List of open-source iOS apps (see [this list](README.md) for apps on the App Store).

Feel free to contribute: [issues](https://github.com/dkhamsing/open-source-ios-apps/issues), [pull requests](https://github.com/dkhamsing/open-source-ios-apps/pulls), or [Twitter](https://twitter.com/dkhamsing).

## Swift
- [CardsAgainst](https://github.com/jpsim/CardsAgainst): Cards Against Humanity app
- [Firefox](https://github.com/mozilla/firefox-ios): Official Firefox app (work in progress)
- [HausClock](https://github.com/nottombrown/HausClock): Minimal Chess Clock using MVVM and ReactiveCocoa
- [iContactU](https://github.com/rizal72/iContactU): Reminds you to contact people you ought to
- [Kiosk](https://github.com/artsy/eidolon): The Artsy Auction Kiosk App
- [NYE](https://github.com/soffes/nye): New Year's Eve Cocktail Menu
- [Valio](https://github.com/soffes/valio): Valio Con 2014 Schedule
- [Words](https://github.com/soffes/words): Thesaurus app 

## Objective-C
- [Cheddar](https://github.com/nothingmagical/cheddar-ios): Universal app for Cheddar, a simple & instant task manager
- [Everest](https://github.com/EverestOpenSource/Everest-iOS): iOS Client for Everest.com
- [Flickr-Search](https://github.com/alikaragoz/Flickr-Search/): Simple app which consumes the Flickr Search API
- [GroceryList](https://github.com/jspahrsummers/GroceryList): iPhone grocery list app, synchronized using GitHub
- [TabDump](https://github.com/dkhamsing/TabDump): TabDump news app 

## Contact
- [github.com/dkhamsing](https://github.com/dkhamsing)
- [twitter.com/dkhamsing](https://twitter.com/dkhamsing)
