README.md, before:

# Open-Source iOS Apps

List of open-source iOS apps.

Feel free to contribute: [issues](https://github.com/dkhamsing/open-source-ios-apps/issues), [pull requests](https://github.com/dkhamsing/open-source-ios-apps/pulls), or [Twitter](https://twitter.com/dkhamsing).

Looking for OS X apps? Check out [mac-apps](https://github.com/jeffreyjackson/mac-apps) (there's also [android-apps](https://github.com/pcqpcq/open-source-android-apps)).

Jump to

- [Apple Watch](#apple-watch)
- [Communication](#communication)
- [Games](#games)
- [Developer](#developer)
- [Finance](#finance)
- [Location](#location)
- [Multimedia](#multimedia)
- [News](#news)
- [Official](#official)
- [Parse](#parse)
- [Personal](#personal)
- [React Native](#react-native)
- [ReactiveCocoa](#reactivecocoa)
- [ResearchKit](#researchkit)
- [Sample](#sample)
- [Social](#social)
- [Tasks](#tasks)
- [Tools](#tools)
- [Weather](#weather)
- [Misc](#misc)

🔶 Swift projects

## Apple Watch

- [Bitcoin Tracker](http://www.raywenderlich.com/89562/watchkit-tutorial-with-swift-getting-started): Track Bitcoin price 🔶 
- Bither: Simple and secure Bitcoin wallet
  - https://github.com/bither/bither-ios ([extension](https://github.com/bither/bither-ios/tree/master/bither-ios%20WatchKit%20Extension))
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/bither/id899478936
- Brew: Discover craft beer pubs nearby 🔶
  - https://github.com/contentful-labs/ContentfulWatchKitExample
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/id986830433
- [Calculator](https://github.com/noodlewerk/Apple_Watch_Calculator) 🔶 
- [Cherry](https://github.com/kenshin03/Cherry): Mini Pomodoro Timer app 🔶 
- [CoolSpot](https://github.com/neonichu/CoolSpot): The missing Spotify ᴡᴀᴛᴄʜ app 🔶
- [Done](https://github.com/FancyPixel/done-swift): Demonstrate data sharing between a WatchKit app and its main app using Realm 🔶
- Gulps: Track of your daily water consumption 🔶
  - https://github.com/FancyPixel/gulps
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/gulps/id979057304
- HN Reader: Hacker News Reader 🔶
  - https://github.com/Dimillian/SwiftHN
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/hn-reader-hacker-news-reader/id919243741
- [KTPomodoro](https://github.com/kenshin03/KTPomodoro): Mini Pomodoro Timer app
- [Lister](https://developer.apple.com/library/prerelease/ios/samplecode/Lister/Introduction/Intro.html): List app example by Apple 🔶 
- Parties for WWDC: Aggregator of developers WWDC parties
  - https://github.com/sugarso/WWDC
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/parties-for-wwdc/id879924066
- [SBB](https://github.com/D-32/AppleWatchSBB): Apple Watch app to access the SBB (Swiss railway) timetable
- [WatchKit-Apps](https://github.com/kostiakoval/WatchKit-Apps): Tutorials app for WatchKit 🔶
- [WatchNotes](https://github.com/azamsharp/WatchNotes): Notes on your wrist 🔶
- [WatchPics](https://github.com/D-32/WatchPics): Instagram for the Apple Watch
- [WatchSnake](https://github.com/davidcairns/-WatchSnake): Game of Snake for Watch 🔶

## Communication

- [Chats](https://github.com/acani/Chats): Messages app 🔶
- ChatSecure: Encrypted chat app that supports OTR encryption over XMPP
  - https://github.com/ChatSecure/ChatSecure-iOS
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/chatsecure-encrypted-messenger/id464200063
- IRCCloud: An IRC client/service
  - https://github.com/irccloud/ios
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/irccloud/id672699103
- Signal: Free, world-wide, private messaging and phone calls for iPhone
  - https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Signal-iOS
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/id874139669
- Telegram: Messaging app with a focus on speed and security
  - https://telegram.org/apps
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/telegram-messenger/id686449807

## Developer

- [Bequest](https://github.com/splinesoft/Bequest): Create and replay HTTP/S requests. 🔶

## Games

- [翻翻看](https://github.com/geek5nan/FanFanSwift): Concentration game 🔶
- [2048](https://github.com/austinzheng/iOS-2048): 2048 game in Objective-C
- [2048](https://github.com/austinzheng/swift-2048): 2048 game in Swift 🔶
- Bridges: A puzzle game with bridges, houses, tolls, and subways
  - https://github.com/zgrossbart/bridges
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/seven-bridges/id586598714
- Canabalt: Infinite runner
  - https://github.com/ericjohnson/canabalt-ios
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/canabalt/id333180061
- [CardsAgainst](https://github.com/jpsim/CardsAgainst): Cards Against Humanity app 🔶
- [FlappySwift](https://github.com/fullstackio/FlappySwift): Swift implementation of Flappy Bird 🔶
- [Game Of Life](https://github.com/yonbergman/swift-gameoflife): Conway's Game of Life 🔶
- [Orbit7](https://github.com/Mav3r1ck/Orbit7): iOS Game created in SpriteKit 🔶
- [Provenance](https://github.com/jasarien/Provenance): Game emulator frontend
- Spare Parts: Simple 2D point and line physics using Verlet integration
  - https://github.com/adamwulf/spare-parts-app
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/spare-parts/id981297199 
- [Sudoku](https://github.com/Haoest/SudokuResolv): Sudoku solver with OCR capability on iOS  

## Finance

- BitStore: Bitcoin wallet
  - https://github.com/BitStore/BitStore-iOS
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/bitstore/id890668158
- [Coins](https://github.com/nothingmagical/coins): Bitcoin value tracker 🔶
- Concurrency: Beautiful, intuitive currency converter
  - https://github.com/nicklockwood/Concurrency
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/concurrency/id738872892

## Location

- [Alarm](https://github.com/ChrisChares/swift-alarm): Geolocation based alarm app for travelers 🔶
- [Moves](https://github.com/neonichu/Places): Visualize which places you spent the most time at
- [GeoTappy](https://github.com/GeoTappy/GeoTappy-iOS): Share your location
- [Startups - Mapped In Israel](https://github.com/sugarso/MappedInIsrael): Discover new startups and locate co-working spaces

## Multimedia

- Artsy: The Art World in Your Pocket
  - https://github.com/artsy/eigen
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/artsy-art-world-in-your-pocket/id703796080
- [Flickr-Search](https://github.com/alikaragoz/Flickr-Search/): Simple app which consumes the Flickr Search API
- [MovieDBApp](https://github.com/KMindeguia/moviedbapp): Movie info app
- OCiney: Movie info app
  - https://github.com/florent37/OCiney-iOS
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/id955480687
- [PhotoBrowser](https://github.com/MoZhouqi/PhotoBrowser): A simple iOS Instagram photo browser 🔶 
- [Swift ASCII Art Generator](https://github.com/ijoshsmith/swift-ascii-art) 🔶
- [SwiftFlickrApp](https://github.com/synboo/SwiftFlickrApp): Flickr popular photo viewer 🔶
- Upupu: Simple camera app that can backup pictures on a WebDAV server or Dropbox
  - https://github.com/xcoo/upupu
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/upupu/id508401854
- [VoiceMemos](https://github.com/MoZhouqi/VoiceMemos): Universal audio recorder app 🔶

## News

- Designer News App 🔶 
  - https://github.com/MengTo/DesignerNewsApp
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/designer-news-app/id879990495
- Hacker News Client: Hacker News API-Based iOS Reader (Firebase)
  - https://github.com/bonzoq/hniosreader
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/hacker-news-client/id939454231 
- [HackerNews](https://github.com/amitburst/HackerNews): Hacker News reader 🔶
- News/YC: Hacker News client with user management, commenting, submitting and themes 🔶
  - https://github.com/bennyguitar/News-YC---iPhone
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/news-yc/id592893508
- news:yc
  - https://github.com/Xuzz/newsyc 
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/news-yc/id434787119
- [Reddit](https://github.com/amitburst/reddit-demo): Reddit news app 🔶
- RSSRead: A RSS reader with offline feature
  - https://github.com/ming1016/RSSRead
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/yi-yue-rss-li-xian-xin-wen-yue-du/id850246364
- [TabDump](https://github.com/dkhamsing/TabDump): TabDump news app
- The Oakland Post: App for student-run newspaper at Oakland University in Rochester, Michigan 🔶
  - https://github.com/aclissold/the-oakland-post 
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/oakland-post/id931152313  
- v2ex: An iOS client for the technical and creative website v2ex.com  
  - https://github.com/singro/v2ex 
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/v2ex-chuang-yi-gong-zuo-zhe/id898181535

## Official

- [Firefox](https://github.com/mozilla/firefox-ios): Official Firefox app 🔶
- Wikipedia: Official Wikipedia App
  - https://github.com/wikimedia/apps-ios-wikipedia
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/wikipedia-mobile/id324715238
- VLC: Media Player 
  - http://www.videolan.org/vlc/download-ios.html
  - https://github.com/videolan/vlc
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/vlc-for-ios/id650377962
- WordPress: Official WordPress App
  - https://github.com/wordpress-mobile/WordPress-iOS
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/wordpress/id335703880
- WhiteHouse: Official White House App
  - https://github.com/WhiteHouse/wh-app-ios
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/the-white-house/id350190807

## [Parse](https://www.parse.com/)

- Anypic: Mobile and web app that lets users share photos similar to Instagram
  - https://github.com/ParsePlatform/Anypic
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/anypic/id539741538
- AnyWall: A fun geolocation app built with Parse
  - https://github.com/ParsePlatform/AnyWall
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/anywall/id520955490
- [iBeaconTasks](https://github.com/TomekB/iBeaconTasks): iBeacon TODO reminder app based on Parse
- Parse-Challenge-App: iPhone app built using Parse w/ likes, comments, posting images/video
  - https://github.com/TomekB/Parse-Challenge-App
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/lets-challenge-me/id944004497
- ParseDeveloperDay: Developer Conference App
  - https://github.com/ParsePlatform/ParseDeveloperDay
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/parse-developer-day/id691488056
- ParseStore: Backend provider for selling physical goods using Parse
  - https://github.com/ParsePlatform/ParseStore
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/parse-store/id613679907
- [Paws](http://www.appcoda.com/instagram-app-parse-swift): Building an Instagram-Like App with Parse and Swift 🔶 


## Personal

- [Everest](https://github.com/EverestOpenSource/Everest-iOS): app for documenting your life through journeys and individual moments
- iContactU: Reminds you to contact people you ought to 🔶
  - https://github.com/rizal72/iContactU
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/icontactu/id920200100
- iGrades: Track your class grades
  - https://github.com/maurovc/iGrades
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/id816987574
- MasterPassword: Stateless password management solution
  - https://github.com/Lyndir/MasterPassword
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/id510296984
- Mention: Personal media wish list
  - https://github.com/mhaddl/mentio
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/mentio-personal-media-wish/id796557338
- Onions: Cloud encrypted text storage app
  - https://github.com/onionsapp/Onions-iOS
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/onions/id687296481
- [SwiftNote](https://github.com/mslathrop/SwiftNote): Simple note taking app with today widget and iCloud syncing 🔶
- [Theseus](https://github.com/lazerwalker/Theseus): An open-source iOS personal analytics tool

## [React Native](http://facebook.github.io/react-native/)

- [App examples by Facebook](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/tree/master/Examples): Sample apps including 2048, movies, tic tac toe and more
- [Facebook Login](https://github.com/brentvatne/react-native-login)
- [IcelandEarthquakes](https://github.com/paranoida/IcelandEarthquakes): Displays Iceland Earthquakes that happened in last 48 hours
- [newswatch](https://github.com/bradoyler/newswatch-react-native): News app using YouTube playlists
- [NortalTechDay](https://github.com/mikkoj/NortalTechDay): Conference app
- [Property Finder](https://github.com/ColinEberhardt/ReactNative-PropertyFinder): Property search app 
- [To Do List](https://github.com/joemaddalone/react-native-todo)
- [WeatherApp](https://github.com/jsphkhan/ReactNativeExamples/tree/master/ios/WeatherApp)
  
## [ReactiveCocoa](https://github.com/ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveCocoa)

- C-41: Make developing film easier and more reliable by using this simple timer
  - https://github.com/ashfurrow/C-41
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/c-41/id789924103
- [GroceryList](https://github.com/jspahrsummers/GroceryList): iPhone grocery list app, synchronized using GitHub
- [HausClock](https://github.com/nottombrown/HausClock): Minimal Chess Clock using MVVM and ReactiveCocoa 🔶
- [ReactiveSwiftFlickrSearch](https://github.com/ColinEberhardt/ReactiveSwiftFlickrSearch): A Flickr-search app that uses MVVM & ReactiveCocoa 🔶
- [SimpleAuth](https://github.com/calebd/SimpleAuth): Simple authentication (OAuth for Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Tumblr and more)

## ResearchKit

- AsthmaHealth: ResearchKit app studying Asthma 
  - https://github.com/ResearchKit/AsthmaHealth
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/asthma-health-by-mount-sinai/id972625668
- GlucoSuccess: ResearchKit app studying Diabetes
  - https://github.com/ResearchKit/GlucoSuccess
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/glucosuccess/id972143976 
- mPower: ResearchKit app studying Parkinson's disease 
  - https://github.com/ResearchKit/mPower
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/parkinson-mpower-study-app/id972191200  
- Share The Journey: ResearchKit app studying Breast Cancer  
  - https://github.com/ResearchKit/ShareTheJourney
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/share-the-journey/id972180604 

## Sample

- Cannonball: Fun way to create and share stories and poems using Fabric 🔶 
  - https://github.com/twitterdev/cannonball-ios 
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/cannonball-magnetic-poetry/id929750075
- [Code by Apple](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/navigation/#section=Resource%20Types&topic=Sample%20Code)
- [CloudKit](https://github.com/Yalantis/CloudKit-Demo.Objective-C) 66
- [CloudKit](https://github.com/Yalantis/CloudKit-Demo.Swift) :large_orange_diamond: 72
- [Federal Data SDK](https://github.com/USDepartmentofLabor/Swift-Sample-App) 🔶 
- [HomeKit-Demo](https://github.com/KhaosT/HomeKit-Demo): A Swift demo for HomeKit 🔶
- [iOS 8 Sampler](https://github.com/shu223/iOS8-Sampler): Code examples for the new functions in iOS 8 
- LayerPlayer: Explore the capabilities of Apple's Core Animation API 🔶
  - https://github.com/scotteg/LayerPlayer
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/layer-player/id949768742
- [RKGist](https://github.com/RestKit/RKGist): GitHub Gist app using RestKit

## Social

- Peggsite: App for sharing a social board
  - https://github.com/jenduf/GenericSocialApp
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/peggsite/id938445951 

## Tasks

- [Cheddar](https://github.com/nothingmagical/cheddar-ios): Simple & instant task manager
- [CloudKit-To-Do-List](https://github.com/anthonygeranio/CloudKit-To-Do-List): Store & retrieve tasks using CloudKit 🔶
- Task: Designed to quickly and easily add tasks to your iPhone 🔶
  - https://github.com/mbcrump/TasksForSwiftWithPersistingData
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/task-application/id960435759

## Tools

- [AppSales-Mobile](https://github.com/omz/AppSales-Mobile): App for iTunes Connect Sales 
- Be my eyes: An app that connects blind people with volunteer helpers via live video chat
  - https://github.com/bemyeyes/bemyeyes-ios
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/be-my-eyes-helping-blind-see/
- [Coffee Timer](https://github.com/ashfurrow/yourfirstswiftapp) 🔶
- [Colo](https://github.com/wongzigii/Colo): Color themes hunter
- ColorBlur: Add blur to your photos
  - https://github.com/maurovc/ColorBlur
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/id928863510
- [DeckRocket](https://github.com/jpsim/DeckRocket): Turn your iPhone into a remote for Deckset presentations 🔶
- Edhita: Text editor 🔶
  - https://github.com/tnantoka/edhita
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/edhita-open-source-text-editor/id398896655
- GreatReader: "Great" PDF reader designed for both iPhone and iPad
  - https://github.com/semweb/GreatReader
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/greatreader/id903651112
- Round & Split: Tip Calculator 🔶
  - https://github.com/lukhnos/roundandsplit
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/round-split/id912288737 
- Speak: AAC & Speech Therapy 
  - https://github.com/1raynes/speakability
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/speakability/id784509467
- VPN On 🔶
  - https://github.com/lexrus/VPNOn
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/vpn-on/id951344279
- [Words](https://github.com/soffes/words): Thesaurus app

## Weather

- [Pocket Forecast](https://github.com/appsquickly/Typhoon-Swift-Example): Swift weather application for Typhoon 🔶
- [RainMan](https://github.com/Mav3r1ck/Project-RainMan): Weather App using Forecast.io 🔶
- [SwiftWeather](https://github.com/JakeLin/SwiftWeather) 🔶

## Misc

- A Menjar: Food menu app
  - https://github.com/maurovc/aMenjar
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/a-menjar!/id816473131
id905177575   
- [ChineseZodiac](https://github.com/JakeLin/ChineseZodiac) 🔶
- [Ghosty](https://github.com/mhaddl/Ghosty): Blogging App for Ghost 🔶
- Jupp: App with share extension for ADN 🔶
  - https://github.com/dasdom/Jupp
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/jupp-share-extension-for-app.net/id909926740
- [Kiosk](https://github.com/artsy/eidolon): The Artsy Auction Kiosk App 🔶
- [lastfm-iphone](https://github.com/lastfm/lastfm-iphone): Last.fm iPhone app
- [NYE](https://github.com/soffes/nye): New Year's Eve Cocktail Menu 🔶
- [OpenCB](https://github.com/student-t/OpenCB): Interactive chess book reader
- [PebCiti](https://github.com/joemasilotti/PebCiti): Pebble app to show nearest CitiBike NYC dock
- [PocketFlix](https://code.google.com/p/metasyntactic/wiki/PocketFlix): Put the power of Netflix at your fingertips
- [Valio](https://github.com/soffes/valio): Valio Con 2014 Schedule 🔶
- [TheReservist](https://github.com/kimar/TheReservist): Check availability of iPhones 🔶
- Vinylogue: A simple Last.fm client
  - https://github.com/twocentstudios/vinylogue
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/vinylogue-for-last.fm/id617471119
- VisitBCN: City guide for Barcelona
  - https://github.com/maurovc/visitBCN
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/visitbcn/id904676442
  
## Thanks

This list was inspired by [awesome-ios](https://github.com/vsouza/awesome-ios) and [awesome-swift](https://github.com/matteocrippa/awesome-swift).

## Contact

- [github.com/dkhamsing](https://github.com/dkhamsing)
- [twitter.com/dkhamsing](https://twitter.com/dkhamsing)

Commit message:

Add Wunderschnell by @contentful-labs #63

README.md, after:

# Open-Source iOS Apps

List of open-source iOS apps.

Feel free to contribute: [issues](https://github.com/dkhamsing/open-source-ios-apps/issues), [pull requests](https://github.com/dkhamsing/open-source-ios-apps/pulls), or [Twitter](https://twitter.com/dkhamsing).

Looking for OS X apps? Check out [mac-apps](https://github.com/jeffreyjackson/mac-apps) (there's also [android-apps](https://github.com/pcqpcq/open-source-android-apps)).

Jump to

- [Apple Watch](#apple-watch)
- [Communication](#communication)
- [Games](#games)
- [Developer](#developer)
- [Finance](#finance)
- [Location](#location)
- [Multimedia](#multimedia)
- [News](#news)
- [Official](#official)
- [Parse](#parse)
- [Personal](#personal)
- [React Native](#react-native)
- [ReactiveCocoa](#reactivecocoa)
- [ResearchKit](#researchkit)
- [Sample](#sample)
- [Social](#social)
- [Tasks](#tasks)
- [Tools](#tools)
- [Weather](#weather)
- [Misc](#misc)

🔶 Swift projects

## Apple Watch

- [Bitcoin Tracker](http://www.raywenderlich.com/89562/watchkit-tutorial-with-swift-getting-started): Track Bitcoin price 🔶 
- Bither: Simple and secure Bitcoin wallet
  - https://github.com/bither/bither-ios ([extension](https://github.com/bither/bither-ios/tree/master/bither-ios%20WatchKit%20Extension))
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/bither/id899478936
- Brew: Discover craft beer pubs nearby 🔶
  - https://github.com/contentful-labs/ContentfulWatchKitExample
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/id986830433
- [Calculator](https://github.com/noodlewerk/Apple_Watch_Calculator) 🔶 
- [Cherry](https://github.com/kenshin03/Cherry): Mini Pomodoro Timer app 🔶 
- [CoolSpot](https://github.com/neonichu/CoolSpot): The missing Spotify ᴡᴀᴛᴄʜ app 🔶
- [Done](https://github.com/FancyPixel/done-swift): Demonstrate data sharing between a WatchKit app and its main app using Realm 🔶
- Gulps: Track of your daily water consumption 🔶
  - https://github.com/FancyPixel/gulps
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/gulps/id979057304
- HN Reader: Hacker News Reader 🔶
  - https://github.com/Dimillian/SwiftHN
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/hn-reader-hacker-news-reader/id919243741
- [KTPomodoro](https://github.com/kenshin03/KTPomodoro): Mini Pomodoro Timer app
- [Lister](https://developer.apple.com/library/prerelease/ios/samplecode/Lister/Introduction/Intro.html): List app example by Apple 🔶 
- Parties for WWDC: Aggregator of developers WWDC parties
  - https://github.com/sugarso/WWDC
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/parties-for-wwdc/id879924066
- [SBB](https://github.com/D-32/AppleWatchSBB): Apple Watch app to access the SBB (Swiss railway) timetable
- [WatchKit-Apps](https://github.com/kostiakoval/WatchKit-Apps): Tutorials app for WatchKit 🔶
- [WatchNotes](https://github.com/azamsharp/WatchNotes): Notes on your wrist 🔶
- [WatchPics](https://github.com/D-32/WatchPics): Instagram for the Apple Watch
- [WatchSnake](https://github.com/davidcairns/-WatchSnake): Game of Snake for Watch 🔶
- [Wunderschnell](https://github.com/contentful-labs/Wunderschnell): Order the right product with one tap on your wrist 🔶

## Communication

- [Chats](https://github.com/acani/Chats): Messages app 🔶
- ChatSecure: Encrypted chat app that supports OTR encryption over XMPP
  - https://github.com/ChatSecure/ChatSecure-iOS
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/chatsecure-encrypted-messenger/id464200063
- IRCCloud: An IRC client/service
  - https://github.com/irccloud/ios
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/irccloud/id672699103
- Signal: Free, world-wide, private messaging and phone calls for iPhone
  - https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Signal-iOS
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/id874139669
- Telegram: Messaging app with a focus on speed and security
  - https://telegram.org/apps
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/telegram-messenger/id686449807

## Developer

- [Bequest](https://github.com/splinesoft/Bequest): Create and replay HTTP/S requests. 🔶

## Games

- [翻翻看](https://github.com/geek5nan/FanFanSwift): Concentration game 🔶
- [2048](https://github.com/austinzheng/iOS-2048): 2048 game in Objective-C
- [2048](https://github.com/austinzheng/swift-2048): 2048 game in Swift 🔶
- Bridges: A puzzle game with bridges, houses, tolls, and subways
  - https://github.com/zgrossbart/bridges
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/seven-bridges/id586598714
- Canabalt: Infinite runner
  - https://github.com/ericjohnson/canabalt-ios
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/canabalt/id333180061
- [CardsAgainst](https://github.com/jpsim/CardsAgainst): Cards Against Humanity app 🔶
- [FlappySwift](https://github.com/fullstackio/FlappySwift): Swift implementation of Flappy Bird 🔶
- [Game Of Life](https://github.com/yonbergman/swift-gameoflife): Conway's Game of Life 🔶
- [Orbit7](https://github.com/Mav3r1ck/Orbit7): iOS Game created in SpriteKit 🔶
- [Provenance](https://github.com/jasarien/Provenance): Game emulator frontend
- Spare Parts: Simple 2D point and line physics using Verlet integration
  - https://github.com/adamwulf/spare-parts-app
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/spare-parts/id981297199 
- [Sudoku](https://github.com/Haoest/SudokuResolv): Sudoku solver with OCR capability on iOS  

## Finance

- BitStore: Bitcoin wallet
  - https://github.com/BitStore/BitStore-iOS
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/bitstore/id890668158
- [Coins](https://github.com/nothingmagical/coins): Bitcoin value tracker 🔶
- Concurrency: Beautiful, intuitive currency converter
  - https://github.com/nicklockwood/Concurrency
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/concurrency/id738872892

## Location

- [Alarm](https://github.com/ChrisChares/swift-alarm): Geolocation based alarm app for travelers 🔶
- [Moves](https://github.com/neonichu/Places): Visualize which places you spent the most time at
- [GeoTappy](https://github.com/GeoTappy/GeoTappy-iOS): Share your location
- [Startups - Mapped In Israel](https://github.com/sugarso/MappedInIsrael): Discover new startups and locate co-working spaces

## Multimedia

- Artsy: The Art World in Your Pocket
  - https://github.com/artsy/eigen
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/artsy-art-world-in-your-pocket/id703796080
- [Flickr-Search](https://github.com/alikaragoz/Flickr-Search/): Simple app which consumes the Flickr Search API
- [MovieDBApp](https://github.com/KMindeguia/moviedbapp): Movie info app
- OCiney: Movie info app
  - https://github.com/florent37/OCiney-iOS
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/id955480687
- [PhotoBrowser](https://github.com/MoZhouqi/PhotoBrowser): A simple iOS Instagram photo browser 🔶 
- [Swift ASCII Art Generator](https://github.com/ijoshsmith/swift-ascii-art) 🔶
- [SwiftFlickrApp](https://github.com/synboo/SwiftFlickrApp): Flickr popular photo viewer 🔶
- Upupu: Simple camera app that can backup pictures on a WebDAV server or Dropbox
  - https://github.com/xcoo/upupu
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/upupu/id508401854
- [VoiceMemos](https://github.com/MoZhouqi/VoiceMemos): Universal audio recorder app 🔶

## News

- Designer News App 🔶 
  - https://github.com/MengTo/DesignerNewsApp
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/designer-news-app/id879990495
- Hacker News Client: Hacker News API-Based iOS Reader (Firebase)
  - https://github.com/bonzoq/hniosreader
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/hacker-news-client/id939454231 
- [HackerNews](https://github.com/amitburst/HackerNews): Hacker News reader 🔶
- News/YC: Hacker News client with user management, commenting, submitting and themes 🔶
  - https://github.com/bennyguitar/News-YC---iPhone
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/news-yc/id592893508
- news:yc
  - https://github.com/Xuzz/newsyc 
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/news-yc/id434787119
- [Reddit](https://github.com/amitburst/reddit-demo): Reddit news app 🔶
- RSSRead: A RSS reader with offline feature
  - https://github.com/ming1016/RSSRead
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/yi-yue-rss-li-xian-xin-wen-yue-du/id850246364
- [TabDump](https://github.com/dkhamsing/TabDump): TabDump news app
- The Oakland Post: App for student-run newspaper at Oakland University in Rochester, Michigan 🔶
  - https://github.com/aclissold/the-oakland-post 
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/oakland-post/id931152313  
- v2ex: An iOS client for the technical and creative website v2ex.com  
  - https://github.com/singro/v2ex 
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/v2ex-chuang-yi-gong-zuo-zhe/id898181535

## Official

- [Firefox](https://github.com/mozilla/firefox-ios): Official Firefox app 🔶
- Wikipedia: Official Wikipedia App
  - https://github.com/wikimedia/apps-ios-wikipedia
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/wikipedia-mobile/id324715238
- VLC: Media Player 
  - http://www.videolan.org/vlc/download-ios.html
  - https://github.com/videolan/vlc
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/vlc-for-ios/id650377962
- WordPress: Official WordPress App
  - https://github.com/wordpress-mobile/WordPress-iOS
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/wordpress/id335703880
- WhiteHouse: Official White House App
  - https://github.com/WhiteHouse/wh-app-ios
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/the-white-house/id350190807

## [Parse](https://www.parse.com/)

- Anypic: Mobile and web app that lets users share photos similar to Instagram
  - https://github.com/ParsePlatform/Anypic
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/anypic/id539741538
- AnyWall: A fun geolocation app built with Parse
  - https://github.com/ParsePlatform/AnyWall
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/anywall/id520955490
- [iBeaconTasks](https://github.com/TomekB/iBeaconTasks): iBeacon TODO reminder app based on Parse
- Parse-Challenge-App: iPhone app built using Parse w/ likes, comments, posting images/video
  - https://github.com/TomekB/Parse-Challenge-App
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/lets-challenge-me/id944004497
- ParseDeveloperDay: Developer Conference App
  - https://github.com/ParsePlatform/ParseDeveloperDay
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/parse-developer-day/id691488056
- ParseStore: Backend provider for selling physical goods using Parse
  - https://github.com/ParsePlatform/ParseStore
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/parse-store/id613679907
- [Paws](http://www.appcoda.com/instagram-app-parse-swift): Building an Instagram-Like App with Parse and Swift 🔶 


## Personal

- [Everest](https://github.com/EverestOpenSource/Everest-iOS): app for documenting your life through journeys and individual moments
- iContactU: Reminds you to contact people you ought to 🔶
  - https://github.com/rizal72/iContactU
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/icontactu/id920200100
- iGrades: Track your class grades
  - https://github.com/maurovc/iGrades
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/id816987574
- MasterPassword: Stateless password management solution
  - https://github.com/Lyndir/MasterPassword
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/id510296984
- Mention: Personal media wish list
  - https://github.com/mhaddl/mentio
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/mentio-personal-media-wish/id796557338
- Onions: Cloud encrypted text storage app
  - https://github.com/onionsapp/Onions-iOS
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/onions/id687296481
- [SwiftNote](https://github.com/mslathrop/SwiftNote): Simple note taking app with today widget and iCloud syncing 🔶
- [Theseus](https://github.com/lazerwalker/Theseus): An open-source iOS personal analytics tool

## [React Native](http://facebook.github.io/react-native/)

- [App examples by Facebook](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/tree/master/Examples): Sample apps including 2048, movies, tic tac toe and more
- [Facebook Login](https://github.com/brentvatne/react-native-login)
- [IcelandEarthquakes](https://github.com/paranoida/IcelandEarthquakes): Displays Iceland Earthquakes that happened in last 48 hours
- [newswatch](https://github.com/bradoyler/newswatch-react-native): News app using YouTube playlists
- [NortalTechDay](https://github.com/mikkoj/NortalTechDay): Conference app
- [Property Finder](https://github.com/ColinEberhardt/ReactNative-PropertyFinder): Property search app 
- [To Do List](https://github.com/joemaddalone/react-native-todo)
- [WeatherApp](https://github.com/jsphkhan/ReactNativeExamples/tree/master/ios/WeatherApp)
  
## [ReactiveCocoa](https://github.com/ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveCocoa)

- C-41: Make developing film easier and more reliable by using this simple timer
  - https://github.com/ashfurrow/C-41
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/c-41/id789924103
- [GroceryList](https://github.com/jspahrsummers/GroceryList): iPhone grocery list app, synchronized using GitHub
- [HausClock](https://github.com/nottombrown/HausClock): Minimal Chess Clock using MVVM and ReactiveCocoa 🔶
- [ReactiveSwiftFlickrSearch](https://github.com/ColinEberhardt/ReactiveSwiftFlickrSearch): A Flickr-search app that uses MVVM & ReactiveCocoa 🔶
- [SimpleAuth](https://github.com/calebd/SimpleAuth): Simple authentication (OAuth for Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Tumblr and more)

## ResearchKit

- AsthmaHealth: ResearchKit app studying Asthma 
  - https://github.com/ResearchKit/AsthmaHealth
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/asthma-health-by-mount-sinai/id972625668
- GlucoSuccess: ResearchKit app studying Diabetes
  - https://github.com/ResearchKit/GlucoSuccess
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/glucosuccess/id972143976 
- mPower: ResearchKit app studying Parkinson's disease 
  - https://github.com/ResearchKit/mPower
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/parkinson-mpower-study-app/id972191200  
- Share The Journey: ResearchKit app studying Breast Cancer  
  - https://github.com/ResearchKit/ShareTheJourney
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/share-the-journey/id972180604 

## Sample

- Cannonball: Fun way to create and share stories and poems using Fabric 🔶 
  - https://github.com/twitterdev/cannonball-ios 
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/cannonball-magnetic-poetry/id929750075
- [Code by Apple](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/navigation/#section=Resource%20Types&topic=Sample%20Code)
- [CloudKit](https://github.com/Yalantis/CloudKit-Demo.Objective-C) 66
- [CloudKit](https://github.com/Yalantis/CloudKit-Demo.Swift) :large_orange_diamond: 72
- [Federal Data SDK](https://github.com/USDepartmentofLabor/Swift-Sample-App) 🔶 
- [HomeKit-Demo](https://github.com/KhaosT/HomeKit-Demo): A Swift demo for HomeKit 🔶
- [iOS 8 Sampler](https://github.com/shu223/iOS8-Sampler): Code examples for the new functions in iOS 8 
- LayerPlayer: Explore the capabilities of Apple's Core Animation API 🔶
  - https://github.com/scotteg/LayerPlayer
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/layer-player/id949768742
- [RKGist](https://github.com/RestKit/RKGist): GitHub Gist app using RestKit

## Social

- Peggsite: App for sharing a social board
  - https://github.com/jenduf/GenericSocialApp
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/peggsite/id938445951 

## Tasks

- [Cheddar](https://github.com/nothingmagical/cheddar-ios): Simple & instant task manager
- [CloudKit-To-Do-List](https://github.com/anthonygeranio/CloudKit-To-Do-List): Store & retrieve tasks using CloudKit 🔶
- Task: Designed to quickly and easily add tasks to your iPhone 🔶
  - https://github.com/mbcrump/TasksForSwiftWithPersistingData
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/task-application/id960435759

## Tools

- [AppSales-Mobile](https://github.com/omz/AppSales-Mobile): App for iTunes Connect Sales 
- Be my eyes: An app that connects blind people with volunteer helpers via live video chat
  - https://github.com/bemyeyes/bemyeyes-ios
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/be-my-eyes-helping-blind-see/
- [Coffee Timer](https://github.com/ashfurrow/yourfirstswiftapp) 🔶
- [Colo](https://github.com/wongzigii/Colo): Color themes hunter
- ColorBlur: Add blur to your photos
  - https://github.com/maurovc/ColorBlur
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/id928863510
- [DeckRocket](https://github.com/jpsim/DeckRocket): Turn your iPhone into a remote for Deckset presentations 🔶
- Edhita: Text editor 🔶
  - https://github.com/tnantoka/edhita
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/edhita-open-source-text-editor/id398896655
- GreatReader: "Great" PDF reader designed for both iPhone and iPad
  - https://github.com/semweb/GreatReader
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/greatreader/id903651112
- Round & Split: Tip Calculator 🔶
  - https://github.com/lukhnos/roundandsplit
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/round-split/id912288737 
- Speak: AAC & Speech Therapy 
  - https://github.com/1raynes/speakability
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/speakability/id784509467
- VPN On 🔶
  - https://github.com/lexrus/VPNOn
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/vpn-on/id951344279
- [Words](https://github.com/soffes/words): Thesaurus app

## Weather

- [Pocket Forecast](https://github.com/appsquickly/Typhoon-Swift-Example): Swift weather application for Typhoon 🔶
- [RainMan](https://github.com/Mav3r1ck/Project-RainMan): Weather App using Forecast.io 🔶
- [SwiftWeather](https://github.com/JakeLin/SwiftWeather) 🔶

## Misc

- A Menjar: Food menu app
  - https://github.com/maurovc/aMenjar
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/a-menjar!/id816473131
id905177575   
- [ChineseZodiac](https://github.com/JakeLin/ChineseZodiac) 🔶
- [Ghosty](https://github.com/mhaddl/Ghosty): Blogging App for Ghost 🔶
- Jupp: App with share extension for ADN 🔶
  - https://github.com/dasdom/Jupp
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/jupp-share-extension-for-app.net/id909926740
- [Kiosk](https://github.com/artsy/eidolon): The Artsy Auction Kiosk App 🔶
- [lastfm-iphone](https://github.com/lastfm/lastfm-iphone): Last.fm iPhone app
- [NYE](https://github.com/soffes/nye): New Year's Eve Cocktail Menu 🔶
- [OpenCB](https://github.com/student-t/OpenCB): Interactive chess book reader
- [PebCiti](https://github.com/joemasilotti/PebCiti): Pebble app to show nearest CitiBike NYC dock
- [PocketFlix](https://code.google.com/p/metasyntactic/wiki/PocketFlix): Put the power of Netflix at your fingertips
- [Valio](https://github.com/soffes/valio): Valio Con 2014 Schedule 🔶
- [TheReservist](https://github.com/kimar/TheReservist): Check availability of iPhones 🔶
- Vinylogue: A simple Last.fm client
  - https://github.com/twocentstudios/vinylogue
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/vinylogue-for-last.fm/id617471119
- VisitBCN: City guide for Barcelona
  - https://github.com/maurovc/visitBCN
  - https://itunes.apple.com/app/visitbcn/id904676442
  
## Thanks

This list was inspired by [awesome-ios](https://github.com/vsouza/awesome-ios) and [awesome-swift](https://github.com/matteocrippa/awesome-swift).

## Contact

- [github.com/dkhamsing](https://github.com/dkhamsing)
- [twitter.com/dkhamsing](https://twitter.com/dkhamsing)
